Add docs for stand alone nexus operations (#4430)
temporalio/documentation: docs/encyclopedia/nexus/standalone-nexus-operation.mdx

<div style={{textAlign: 'center', margin: '2rem 0'}}>
  <a href="/diagrams/standalone-nexus-operations-vs-workflowlight.svg" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
    <ThemedImage
      alt="Standalone Nexus Operation vs. Workflow - Standalone Nexus Operations execute a single Operation across Namespaces as a top-level primitive, while Workflows orchestrate multiple Nexus Operation steps"
      sources={{
        light: '/diagrams/standalone-nexus-operations-vs-workflowlight.svg',
        dark: '/diagrams/standalone-nexus-operations-vs-workflowdark.svg',
      }}
      style={{maxWidth: '100%', cursor: 'pointer'}}
    />
  </a>
</div>

Standalone Nexus Operations use the same Service contract, Operation handlers, and Worker setup as
Workflow-driven Operations — only the caller side differs. The same Operation can be executed as a
Standalone Nexus Operation and as a Workflow-driven Nexus Operation with no handler code changes.

If you need to orchestrate multiple Nexus Operations, call them from a [Workflow](/workflows). But if
you just need to execute a single Nexus Operation across Namespace boundaries, use a Standalone
Nexus Operation.

:::tip GET STARTED

> Pick your SDK and follow the quickstart:

Reviewer: Since there's only one currently in the list - I don't think a bullet point is needed. Will make small edits and make this change.

- [Go SDK - Standalone Nexus Operations](/develop/go/nexus/standalone-operations)

:::

## Use cases

Standalone Nexus Operations are useful when application code outside of a Workflow needs to invoke
functionality exposed by another team's Namespace through a Nexus Endpoint — for example, calling a
shared service from a starter program, a job runner, an HTTP handler, or a script — with all the
reliability, retries, and observability of Nexus, but without paying the cost of a caller Workflow.

## Key features

- Execute any Nexus Operation as a top-level primitive without the overhead of a caller Workflow
- Same Service contract, Operation handlers, and Worker setup as Workflow-driven Operations
- Supports both synchronous and asynchronous (Workflow-backed) Nexus Operations
- At-least-once execution with automatic retries by the Nexus Machinery

> - Addressable — get a handle to retrieve results, with the Operation token for asynchronous Operations

Reviewer: These bottom three aren't consistent with the rest in the list with the dash. Will make this edit.

- Visibility — list and count Standalone Nexus Operation Executions using [List Filter](/list-filter) queries
- Dual use — execute the same Operation from a Workflow or standalone with no handler code changes

## Observability {/* #observability */}

You can use [List Filters](/list-filter) to query Standalone Nexus Operation Executions by Endpoint,
Service, Operation, status, and other attributes using the SDK.

`CountNexusOperations` returns the total number of Standalone Nexus Operation Executions matching a
filter. This is the total count of executions (running, completed, failed, etc.) — not the number of
queued tasks.

## Pre-release limitations

> Standalone Nexus Operations are at Pre-release. APIs are experimental and may be subject to

Reviewer: This is already said in the release stage admonition so this may not be needed especially as a separate section with a header. Same with the Temporal Cloud support section - it can be stated that there's Temporal Cloud support in the admonition.

backwards-incompatible changes.

## Temporal Cloud support

> Standalone Activities in Temporal Cloud is available as a Public Preview feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Standalone Nexus Operations in Temporal Cloud is available as a Pre-release feature.
```
